Causes of death are many and varied. Old age, suicide, illness...
But the cause of death that scares the most people in this day and age...
I'm begging you, go where you're directed!
Shut up! I don't want your opinion!
When faced with an unexpected disaster,
those taking the correct course of action are roughly 10%.
Those who are frantic and take inadequate action make up 20%.
The remaining 70% are struck motionless out of shock.
Which is why they need a leader to direct them.
You are the only one who can disrupt this situation...
...demolishing king of Asakusa.
Konro!
I've been looking for you.
Yeah, me, too. The Infernals and the fighting in town are only getting worse.
There are misunderstandings all over, and nobody knows what's happening.
Apparently, there's an enemy that can alter people's faces.
Then tell that to the folks in town!
They won't listen to anyone else but you!
Give a speech that will calm Asakusa down!
That is not my duty to perform, sir.
Everyone down there is waiting for the big man to bring order out of chaos.
Yeah, which is why I came here. It's because everybody is so upset
that we need to hear from someone with your kind of level-headed judgment.
Waka, are you still talking like that?
You can't keep deferring to me.
It's time for you to make your resolve, already.
No matter what anyone else says, Asakusa is your town, Waka.
They don't want to hear just anyone's words;
they want to hear the words of Beni.
Konro, get down off the tower.
Yes, sir.
Someone like me can't do anything else but tear things down.
That's the best you can expect.
I'm going to smash things up.
"Episode 14: For Whom the Flames Burn"
The darkness is illuminated
The days we've grown accustomed to walking are weeded out
My dream might be to make a stable living
but I'll moan over the lack of stimulation
The end is illuminated
Where are the streets we're accustomed to walking?
Time can sometimes be irksome,
but we're enveloped in warmth
Flames rise to show us the way
reminding us of a gentle melody
There is no eternity, none at all, they say
I just smile, thinking that's fine with me
If we shine, someday, our light will go out
We'll keep on walking until the day
the fire of our lives gets doused
Playthings that make sounds
and magic that chases pain away
are all precious treasures to me
There is no eternity, none at all, they say
We'll keep on walking until the day
the fire of our lives gets doused
--Hey, out of the way, dumbass! --You wanna get your ass kicked?!
That's enough, both of you!
Let me more hear of this shouting.
Ah, how rowdy.
Marvelous! This chaos is art!
Marvelous art of my making!
What was that?
Beni!
It's Beni-chan!
Benimaru!
Beni?
Th-The tower... That's crazy.
Do you hear me, Asakusa?!
Right now, our town is under attack from the outside!
They make themselves look just like Asakusa folk, and trick us!
There's no way to tell who they are!
We are going to get nowhere like this!
But... I don't give a damn!
Yeah! Beni! Right! Right!
You must have something in mind to be saying that!
He changed the whole atmosphere in the blink of an eye.
This is what they mean when they say "the word from on high."
Waka!
Captain Shinmon, what are your orders?!
All of you start clobbering each other! Doesn't matter if you're fake or real!
The people of Asakusa will not be outdone by a bunch of impostors!
Don't worry. The 7th will see to the fires and the Infernals.
Beat each other up for all you're worth!
Festival's on! Festival!
Fight-fest!
Haran... You ate a flame bug?
This is Asakusa. A power spot. A demon might even appear.
So why don't I test that out on myself?
He turned himself into an Infernal.
Not just any Infernal. An Infernal with horns.
A demon.
--Ow! --Now you've done it!
That hurt, you bastard!
How barbaric. This is not art!
There are definitely impostors being beaten up with the real townspeople.
Should we start punching each other, too?
Give me a break, sir.
7th, your sparring partners will be the fires! Get to work putting them out!
--Yes, sir! --Yes, sir!
Lieutenant Konro, you sure seem happy.
Well of course I'm happy.
Honestly, he kept us waiting long enough.
It looks like I've found my opponent.
That... looks like him.
Huh?
That was an Adolla Link, huh? You really don't belong in the Fire Force.
What was that?
Devil, yours are the flames that exterminate mankind.
Hey, you dumbass devil! Help me out!
Arthur!
Huh? The bow chick... is gone?
You're hard!
You're facing me now.
Hey, captain of the 7th, this isn't any ordinary Infernal.
Two years ago, a horned Infernal appeared here in Asakusa.
It's the reason why Konro has his tephrosis.
You guys stay out of this. I'm taking over this fight.
Hikage-chan!
Hikage!
Hika!
There's someone over there.
Over there?
You said you'd give me treats in exchange for my kimono,
but they weren't nearly enough!
Damn you! I didn't even tell Hina! Now Hina won't be happy, either!
Hika!
That jerk who pretended to be you was so gross! Let's beat them silly.
Huh? So these guys are villains after all?
--Hee-hee-hee! --Hee-hee-hee!
--Yi-i-ikes! --Yi-i-ikes!
--That's hot! That's so hot! Hey! --That's hot! That's so hot! Hey!
He's easily turning aside that demon's ferocious attacks.
Ow. You're a hard one, all right.
Two years ago, Konro opened up a gigantic hole in the ground.
That means I'm gonna need about the same amount of firepower.
This is for what happened to Konro.
I can't afford to blow the whole town apart in the process, though!
I'm just gonna take us someplace a little more open.
Two Infernals at nine o'clock, at the intersection 200 meters away.
Yes, sir!
What's that?!
It's the captain!
The sky, huh? Beni is the only one who could pull this stunt off.
They're targeting Beni?!
I don't care how strong he is, one direct hit and he's finished.
Oh, no you don't!
Beni...
My body... won't move... Somebody... save Beni...
Before you decide to give your life away, please use me!
Save Beni...
Shinra!
What was that? My legs again...
Thanks. I appreciate how you feel.
Lieutenant Konro?
That's... I've got you.
What's the matter?!
No you don't!
The Devil's Footprints?
Let me be in time!
Shinra!
What speed he has.
He caught up to my arrow.
Still...
You can't deflect my arrow with the will of your flames.
You really don't belong in the Fire Force.
Devil, yours are the flames that exterminate mankind.
Screw that.
Mine are the flames that preserve mankind!
Shinra... Come on!
Look up in the sky!
What is that?
You, who possess an Adolla Burst, like the commander,
choose to be a tool of the ignoble?
Become a devil with us.
Help us burn this world down.
I'm going to be a hero that saves everyone with my flames!
I'm going to prove that right now!
I'm Kick-This-Away-Whatever-It-Takes Man!
What?
He did it!
Captain Shinmon!
I'll take it from here.
This altitude should be high enough.
Iai Chop, Form Seven:
Sun Wheel!
Tch, not even that can crack you, huh?
Captain! Let him have it!
Keep Asakusa safe!
Go, Beni!
I don't care about the Evangelist or the White-Clad, but Asakusa is my town!
I won't have anyone acting big in my home.
That's right, Beni. This is your town.
I'm going to have to borrow your move, Konro.
Those flames were...
...the Crimson Moon...
That was an explosion caused by a single person?
What firepower!
That's why they call him the mightiest Fire Soldier.
Those flames were a tiny bit arty.
I hate them. I feel jealous.
Yona, we're withdrawing. We have to report this to the commander.
We confirmed that a second demon was born in the same spot. This is a bonanza.
Haran, your life wasn't for naught.
Awesome...
I really overdid it. I'm burned out.
Lieutenant Konro, we've put out all the fires in town.
There are no more Infernals, either.
Good work. We'll have to thank the folks from the 8th, too.
Particularly Shinra.
"To be continued"
You can toil your way through humorless days
and curse the unwavering present,
but words that simply hang in the air
are not enough to save you
We've been walking shoulder-to-shoulder
between sights we never reach
and pain that brings no warmth
to make it to a faraway place
Given the hope that you speak of
or the ideals that you dream of
I'll find a way to show you love, however cold you may be
You can toil your way through humorless days
and curse the unwavering present,
but words that simply hang in the air
are not enough to save you You can cry out timidly
but that changes when the nights grow fevered
Even if we let go of each other's hands,
I hope we can still walk together again
I'll refrain from saying goodbye
to ensure that we can meet again somewhere
They sure did repair a lot of it overnight, huh?
If all the king of demolition ever did was demolish,
the townspeople wouldn't appreciate him nearly as much.
Captain!
About that Evangelist-involved company from our records.
What did you find?
Their office was burned down.
It appears they took advantage of all the chaos to destroy the evidence.
So they figured out the Special Fire Force's purpose here, and took action.
This is a pretty sharp bunch.
Our fighting this time around took its toll on the city, as well.
I just hope this doesn't make them ramp up their activities.
You're going back to the 8th? I appreciate all the help.
--Yeah, thanks! --Yeah, thanks!
Oh, no. Our coming here might have been the trigger that set everything off.
Even if it was,
it doesn't change the fact that the Evangelist's goons were lurking here.
All the human combustion here up to now might even have been their doing.
But we were able to put a stop to it.
Konro, bring it here.
Yes, sir.
"It"?
I may not like the imperial Fire Force, but I do like the 8th.
Hey, musclebound dummy!
And his crew!
The next time you come here, you better bring candy, or we'll be mad!
And make sure you bring stuff that doesn't suck!
--Bye-bye-kins! --Bye-bye-kins!
Japanese saké?
We exchange saké cups as a token of mutual goodwill.
It's a rite of friendship from the old country.
You don't like saké?
I love it!
This means the 7th and the 8th are now friends, right?
Good to know you.
Huh? That's a hell of a smile.
What is the matter with his face?
Could he really be that happy to make friends with all of us?
When Beni drinks saké, he becomes the king of glee, and can't stop smiling.
How do you figure I'm gleeful?
Obi Akitaru, was it?
If anything comes up, give me a call anytime.
Right. Now that we're drinking buddies, let's help each other out.
That smile is a bit off-putting.
You know, I have to say...
What's so funny, you little brat?
"Next time"
"Episode 15: The Blacksmith's Dream"